Adds QSE user guide (#1976)
unitaryfund/mitiq: docs/source/guide/qse-2-use-case.md

Reviewer: Nice work with this file!

---
jupytext:
  text_representation:
    extension: .myst
    format_name: myst
    format_version: 0.13
    jupytext_version: 1.11.1
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3 (ipykernel)
  language: python
  name: python3
---

# When should I use QSE?

## Advantages 

> The advantage of QSE is that it allows determining the value of excited electronic states without the need for a formal error-correcting procedure. Furthermore, the method is error-agnostic. Computationally, the advantage is eliminating the need for ancilla measurements.  

Reviewer: > The advantage of QSE is that it allows determining the value of excited electronic states without the need for a formal error-correcting procedure.

Can you expand on this a little. I don't quite understand what you mean.

Reviewer: This needs addressed.

> The advantage of QSE is that it allows determining the value of excited electronic states without the need for a formal error-correcting procedure. Furthermore, the method is error-agnostic. Computationally, the advantage is eliminating the need for ancilla measurements.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main advantage of QSE is that it enables the approximation of excited states and reduction of errors without the need for a formal error-correcting procedure, in a way that is effective against many types of errors.
QSE eliminates the need for ancilla measurements, also reducing overhead as compared to full quantum error correction and other symmetry-based techniques.
QSE can also be used in conjunction with other quantum error mitigation techniques, such as zero noise extrapolation.
```
